WIP global rephrasing (#222)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/main_concepts/README.md

# Main Concepts

This section defines the main concepts of MeiliSearch.

::: tip Important

> MeiliSearch is an **asynchronous** API. This means that, unlike a synchronous API, it doesn't wait for a return as calls are placed in a queue for processing. For further information please read [the advanced guide](/guides/advanced_guides/asynchronous_updates.md).

Reviewer: I'm not sure about my suggestion but I'm not convinced by the meaning of yours.
```suggestion
MeiliSearch is an **asynchronous** API. This means that, unlike a synchronous API, it doesn't wait for the call to be done as calls are placed in a queue for processing. For further information please read [the advanced guide](/guides/advanced_guides/asynchronous_updates.md).
```

Author: Yes I get it! I commit the change!
